
Description of "netconfigs" records

These files contain a set of network configurations for a room.  They are
stored in the directory $CTDLDIR/netconfigs and are named according to each
room's internal ID number.  When a room is deleted, its network configuration
file is deleted as well.

The configuration file contains one or more lines of text, each line
containing a configuration option.  These lines may specify message pointers,
room sharing instructions, mailing list recipients, etc.  Fields are separated
by the vertical bar character ("|") and there will always be at least one
field on each line.


INSTRUCTION:  lastsent
SYNTAX:       lastsent|0000000
DESCRIPTION:
Defines the *local* message number of the last message in this room which
we have performed outbound network processing on.  Any batch job which sends
out messages should do stuff.
 
 
INSTRUCTION:  listrecp
SYNTAX:       listrecp|friko@mumjiboolean.com
DESCRIPTION:
Defines a recipient to whom all messages in this room should be sent.  This
is used for "list serve" applications.
 
 
INSTRUCTION:  digestrecp
SYNTAX:       digestrecp|friko@mumjiboolean.com
DESCRIPTION:
As of 2021, this is now an alias for listrecp and may be converted to listrecp
by the mailing list manager.


INSTRUCTION:  participate
SYNTAX:       participate|list-addr@example.com
This allows a room to be a  *subscriber* to an external mailing list
somewhere.  The room's email address should be subscribed to the list, and the
external listserv should be told "do not send me my own messages."  Any
messages which originated on Citadel (as opposed to messages which arrived via
email, such as those from the list) will be sent to the list, with the display
name of the author kept intact, but the email address changed to the address of
the room.
 
This is somewhat finicky, which is why it is not officially supported, and
why there are no facilities in the user interface to configure it.  If you want
to use this option you are on your own.
 
 
INSTRUCTION:  pop3client
SYNTAX:       pop3client|hostname|username|password|keep|interval
Periodically fetch messages from a remote POP3 account and store them in this
room.  Messages will be deleted from the remote account once successfully stored.
if Keep is set, messages won't be erased on the remote host.
Interval can specify a bigger value than the system configs value.


INSTRUCTION:	rssclient
SYNTAX:		rssclient|url
Periodically scrape an external RSS or Atom feed and store new items in this
room.  We try to positively identify unique messages and avoid storing them
multiple times.
